[Buy Box](https://investorlift.com/marketplace/profile/my-buy-box)

Post a Deal Log inSign up

[Back to properties list](https://investorlift.com/marketplace/)

Log in to unlock all 20 images

Log in

Fulton County, Atlanta, GA 30331

View full address

2 days on IL

31 views

Beds

3

Baths

1

Half-Bath

-

Sq.Ft

1054

Overview

3 Beds \| 1 Bath \| 1,054 Sq Ft \| 0.56 Acre Lot

Diamond in the rough! Excellent opportunity for investors ready to bring this property back to life. This 3-bedroom, 1-bath single-family home sits on a large corner lot, offering space to expand or redesign. Perfect for a flip, buy-and-hold, or rental portfolio addition in an up-and-coming Atlanta neighborhood near the BeltLine.

Prime location near I-20, I-285, Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Westside Park, and Hartsfield-Jackson Airport. With plenty of upside and no HOA, this is your chance to create value in a fast-growing area.

DISCLAIMER: This is an assignment of contract. A legally binding purchasing contract with memorandum has been signed with the Seller giving this company exclusive rights to purchase the property. This company does not represent the owner. We are NOT brokers and do not represent ourselves as such. DO NOT CONTACT THE OWNER/SELLER without our explicit consent. Any attempts to renegotiate or make contact with the owner will result in legal action.

Disclosure: This is a direct-to-buyer assignment — no daisy chains. The property is being sold as-is, and buyers must use cash or hard money only.

Call William Today! : (323) 701-0293

DISCLAIMER: This is an assignment of contract. A legally binding purchasing contract with memorandum has been signed with the Seller giving this company exclusive rights to purchase the property. This company does not represent the owner. We are NOT brokers and do not represent ourselves as such. DO NOT CONTACT THE OWNER/SELLER without our explicit consent. Any attempts to renegotiate or make contact with the owner will result in legal action.

Read more

Additional details

Type

Single-Family

Parking

Driveway

Built in

1950

Lot size

0.56 acres

Price$103,000

ARV$165,000

Gross margin$62,000

Win it now for $105,000Make offer

Get Financing For This Deal

Save to Favorites

Share

Charlie Martinez

EHS Home Buyers LLC

15 Reviews

Send inquiry View all company deals (1)

© 2024 Investorlift. All Rights Reserved.

Helpful Links

[Privacy Policy](https://investorlift.com/marketplace/privacy-policy) [Terms of Service](https://investorlift.com/marketplace/terms-of-service) [Help Center](https://community.investorlift.com/buy-homes-16)

Contact Us

[buyer-support@investorlift.com](mailto:buyer-support@investorlift.com)